---
layout: post
title:  "Links № 4"
date:   2023-08-06 18:00:00 -0500
categories: news
---

> “It takes a lifetime to build a good reputation, but you can lose it in a minute.” ~ Will Rogers

# Generative AI Primer
Ars Technica published an excellent primer on generative AI that is jargon free.  It’s a longer article, but it is worth reviewing if you have not taken a class in the subject.

[A jargon-free explanation of how AI large language models work](https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/07/a-jargon-free-explanation-of-how-ai-large-language-models-work/)

# Reputation Risk
Wired recently published a piece on API vulnerabilities in the Points platform used by many hotels, airlines, and banks.  One of the researchers pointed out the vulnerabilities would have had “a cascading effect to every company utilizing their loyalty backend”.  

It is an interesting thought experiment to wonder whose reputation would have been damaged more if the vulnerability was exploited and customers' information or points were stolen.  While I believe the Points API providers would be called out, the damage to the reputation of the airlines, hotels, and banks would have been greater.

Do you disagree that customers will blame the companies who they deal with directly when a third-party exposes their data?

[Hackers Could Have Scored Unlimited Airline Miles by Targeting One Platform](https://www.wired.com/story/points-travel-rewards-platform-flaws/)

# Stop It!
An interesting article giving yet another example of why you should not use a personal email for work correspondence!

An Internet provider for the Mali domain has been receiving emails intended for military domains.  According to the article, emails sent from military systems block outgoing email to these domains, but obviously email sent from private providers would not do the same.

While the information disclosed does not appear to include any classified information, the article indicates sensitive information was included in some emails.

Do you use your work email for personal correspondence or vice versa?

Please stop doing that.

[Typo sends millions of US military emails to Russian ally Mali](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-66226873)