---
layout: post
title:  "Links № 6"
date:   2023-08-12 08:00:00 -0500
categories: news
---

> "Life's tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late." ~ Benjamin Franklin

# Closing Doors
Infrastructure as Code vendor, HashiCorp has decided to move to a less open licensing model to raise a barrier to entry against competitors that do not want to buy a commercial license for their products.

I wonder what companies they’re talking about in their blog post.

**HashiCorp**: “However, there are other vendors who take advantage of pure OSS models, and the community work on OSS projects, for their own commercial goals, without providing material contributions back.”

[HashiCorp adopts Business Source License](https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/hashicorp-adopts-business-source-license)

# Anti-Doxxing Law
Illinois became the fifth state in the United States to pass an anti-doxxing law.  The “Civil Liability for Doxxing Act” will be one of five state anti-doxxing laws when it goes into effect in 2024.  

The law was opposed by the ACLU on free speech grounds.  Meanwhile, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) supported the law.  

From what I’ve read about the law, it sounds like it is limited to cases where there was an intent to harm someone and specific harm actually took place.  This seems like a reasonable stance that would pass constitutional muster.

The summary for the law notes doxing as occurring when an individual “intentionally publishes another person's personally identifiable information without the consent of the person whose information is published” and that information is “published with the intent that it be used to harm or harass the person”.  

The act also requires that there is specific harm resulting from the action, including to “suffer significant economic injury or mental anguish or to fear serious bodily injury or death of the person or a family or household member to the person; or … causes the person whose information is published to suffer a substantial life disruption”. 

Individuals will be allowed to “bring a civil action against the individual who committed the offense to recover damages and obtain any other appropriate relief”.

The quotes above are from the Illinois General Assembly site: [CIVIL LIABILITY FOR DOXING ACT](https://www.ilga.gov/legislation/billstatus.asp?DocNum=2954&GAID=17&GA=103&DocTypeID=HB&LegID=148100&SessionID=112)

Additional reporting can be found on Ars Technica: [Illinois just made it possible to sue people for doxxing attacks](https://arstechnica.com/?p=1960461)

# Live Demo
MIT Technology Review has a surprisingly interesting article on slide show presentations from celluloid to digital.  The history is richer than you might expect.

What do you think about “Death by PowerPoint”?

I recommend favoring live demos over only using slides.  Despite the risk of inadvertently angering the “live demo gods”, this makes technical presentations more useful.

What tips would you share for good presentations?

[Next slide, please: A brief history of the corporate presentation](https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/08/11/1077232/corporate-presentations-history/)