---
layout: post
title:  "Links № 12"
date:   2024-02-18 10:00:00 -0600
categories: news
---
> "He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions." ~ Confucius

## On Remembering Things
The first digital computer was the Colossus, created 80 years ago for code-breaking during World War II.


What I found most interesting in the GCHQ article below was a memo describing the Colossus as one of two competing options. While the memo acknowledged it as a “much more ambitious scheme,” the recommendation was to pursue both options.

This type of “both-and” thinking preserves optionality.

Optionality led to the Colossus, which ”helped produce the intelligence that Hitler had been successfully convinced that the Allies would be launching the invasion from Pas De Calais and not Normandy.”

Learn more in the following GCHQ article!

[GCHQ celebrates 80 years of Colossus](https://www.gchq.gov.uk/news/colossus-80)

## On Forgetting Things
Adrien Nayrat has an excellent article that delves into what many have forgotten about the DBA (Database Administrator) role.

I believe Mr. Nayrat is speaking to a knowledge gap many teams have to continually jump over as they work on deploying or refactoring solutions.

Mr. Nayrat’s article is well worth your time!

[Postgres again elected DBMS of the Year in 2023, but I'm worried](https://blog.anayrat.info/en/2024/02/05/postgres-again-elected-dbms-of-the-year-in-2023-but-im-worried/)

## On Joining Things
Andrew Bosworth, CTO Meta, posted an article 4 years ago that just ran across today. It speaks about joining teams, knowledge deficits, and how to quickly be productive.

As a context person, I recognize what Mr. Bosworth is driving at. It is easy to be disruptive instead of helpful if you don’t understand your new team(s).

I think his message for getting up to speed is a good one for both people joining teams, and those existing members welcoming new teammates.

[A Career Cold Start Algorithm](https://boz.com/articles/career-cold-start)
